Update play libraries to GA releases (#9828)
playframework/playframework: documentation/manual/releases/release28/migration28/Migration28.md

This section lists changes and deprecations in configurations.

### Netty server provider change

> When using [[Netty Server backend|NettyServer]] it is now necessary to explicitly configure `play.server.provider` in your `applicatio.conf` file like below:

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
When using [[Netty Server backend|NettyServer]] it is now necessary to explicitly configure `play.server.provider` in your `application.conf` file like below:
```

```properties
# The server provider class name
play.server.provider = "play.core.server.NettyServerProvider"
```

> Before this was part of the reference configuration for Netty Server, but this has cause problems where both Akka HTTP and Netty servers are in the classpath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this was part of the reference configuration for Netty Server, but this has caused problems where both Akka HTTP and Netty servers are on the classpath.
```
